Oh, damn!
No, really. I'm super happy about this.
You're the best, Gojo-kun!
It fits perfectly.
Yup! It's absolutely perfect!
Now, we just need to apply the wig... Wait, Gojo-kun.
Yes?
Y-You see, when I cosplay,
I-I even start feeling like the character.
Huh?
G-Gojo... Gojo-kun... M-Ma... Master...
P-Pwease...
look at my naughty bits...
Pwease... look.
Gojo Dolls
The hell kind of dream was that?
Could...
Could you look the other way?
Episode 3
Then Why Don't We?
Morning.
Morning!
How could I start the morning like that?
H-How am I supposed to face Kitagawa-san after that happened?
Ah, Kitagawa-san.
Marin-chan's such a cutie.
Yo, Kitagawa.
Her legs are so thin!
Mornin'!
Is she a model or something?
Yeah, I think so.
She's totally on another level, down to the bone.
She's probably pretty popular, huh?
Of course, she is!
Honestly, I'd love to go out with her myself.
Really, it's hard to believe...
that she was at my house just this weekend.
Keep calm. Keep calm!
Ah, Gojo-kun!
Mornin'!
G-Good morning.
Thanks for your help on Saturday!
I'm one step closer to Shizuku-tan, so you totes made my day!
I-I'm so sorry... Huh? About what?
Hey, what do you think? I decided to curl my hair today.
Oh, uh, yes. You sure... did.
That's it? You're hilarious.
S-Sorry.
Whatcha talkin' about?
Let me join in!
Oh, this is Kitagawa-san's friend... Yo! I'm Nowa!
G-Good morning.
G'morn.
Mornin'!
Mornin'.
I-I'm surrounded...
Guess we haven't talked before. Nice to meet ya.
Uh, yes! Pleasure to meet you!
Want a sucker?
Huh? Th-Thank you very much...
No, really. What's going on?
He's obviously super bothered. I feel bad for him.
Don't be a nuisance.
He's not bothered at all!
R-Right!
Hey, Marin. We need to get to the vending machine. First period's about to start.
Crap! You're right.
See you later, Gojo-kun!
Sure.
Wait, I only have a thousand-yen bill.
Kitagawa-san's treating me the same way, even at school.
Wait, is she going out with that guy?
What?
No way. Can you even imagine?
I know, right?
Gojo-kun!
Hey, hey, listen! After school today—
S-Sorry. I've got something I've gotta do.
Gojo-kun!
So today—
Maybe he had to pee.
Gojo-kun?
Gojo-kun!
Gojo-kun?!
Man, close one! I almost didn't catch you before you left.
Kitagawa-san...
Gojo-kun, will you come shopping with me, like, right now?
I wanted to check out the stuff we'll need for the outfit.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to have to pass.
Huh? Wait, hello?!
Gojo-kun?!
This was in the opposite direction than the station,
so I'll just hang out here for a bit.
It was nice of her to invite me, but...
I'm so sorry, Kitagawa-san.
If you're just gonna apologize, don't run off in the first place!
K-Kitagawa-san! What are you doing here?
You're right out in the open. But seriously, Gojo-kun,
you've been avoiding me today, haven't you?
That really sucks.
If you've got a problem with me, out with it.
Well...
P-People are going to think that we know each other.
So...
It's probably better if you're not with me when other people are around.
Huh? What are you even saying?
We're already friends!
Huh?
B-But I even overheard some people speculating that we might be going out...
Seriously? Huh...
Then why don't we?
Huh?! B-But, I...
JK! C'mon!
Let's go, Gojo-kun!
Huh? Wh-Where are we going?
I told you! Shopping!
The World's Hobby Shop Yuzawaya
They have a whole cosplay section.
Yup! Lots of people cosplay these days.
Like on Halloween.
I see...
Oh, Kitagawa-san...
Could you take a look at this?
Holy shit.
I drew a multi-view design of Shizuku-tan.
We need quite a few things.
Fabric Fabric, lace, ribbons, artificial roses, Lace
Ribbon Artificial roses shoes, a wig, fasteners, Shoes
Wig Fasteners color contacts, garters, stockings,
Color contacts Garters & stockings and then...
Wait, hold up!
Holy crap. Did you draw all of this, Gojo-kun?
Yes.
This is insane!
Make the back and the apron frilly.
Shoulder circumference 34.5cm
The apron material should be thick
Ribbon length to her butt
Garter stockings should have a nice balance between the mesh and stockings
Foot circumference 22.4 cm Unique shoes Gothic Lolita?
Hips 84.8 cm It's important that the material flares out
Make this a lighter color than the apron.
Ankles 19.2 cm Foot width: 9.5 cm
Bust 86.8 cm Make her chest stand out more?
The lace should be black with roses on it Underbust
Horizontal circumference of head 53.8 cm We'll make the wig violet Shizuku-tan has an asymmetrical bob, so we'll buy a longer wig then cut it.
Vertical circumference of head 57.7 cm Right side has 2 roses Left side has 1 Lace should also be rose-patterned
Upper arm 22.9 cm Make the sleeve up top tighter and then have it flare out at the bottom.
Purple contact lens Waist 58.7
Add lace w/ roses here Collar above a black necktie
Thin eyebrows and droopy eyes Purple contact lens
The skirt is pretty poofy.
Yeah.
I think you should wear a petticoat with a lot of volume underneath.
Roses should be red Should we go for a deeper or more vibrant color?
Should the ribbon be the same color as the headdress? Or should we change it up a little?
The lace here should be white and It should be 1-2 cm or so visible from the black material.
Picking the right material will be key Pick a material where the sleeves and skirt can flare out
Use a different ribbon for the bow so it stays in its shape better?
Underbust 68.2 cm
The lace should be black with roses on it
Black ribbon, cross-laced. Make it so we can tie it into a bow at her chest?
Waist 58.7
We'll have to buy one that's ready-made, but...
Okay! Let's do it!
And the shoe style is also rather unique,
Make this silver just like the collar.
so we should probably buy them at a specialty shop.
This style is called Gothic Lolita, right?
I'll look for them!
Oh, hey... What about the collar?
I-Is it even possible to make those?
I might be able to find them at V-kei shops.
I'll keep my eye out for this, too.
Th-Thank you very much.
Hey, I think this one will work.
What do you think?
Well...
I think this one would work better.
Huh? Why? Is there actually a difference?
Slippery Girls Academy is an academy for upper-class girls,
so that would mean Shizuku-tan's uniform would probably reflect that.
I figured we should go with fabric that's a bit thicker and heavier, rather than glossy.
Oh, I see!
Oh... But it's literally double the price of the other material.
Wait, I wasn't planning on shopping today,
so I don't have any cash on me!
Ah, don't you worry about that.
Blingy, blingy, blingy, bling baby.
Mama went to the bank.
Use as much as you like!
Huh?!
A-As much as I like? But I couldn't!
Oh, it's fine!
I saved all this for my cosplay by working, anyway.
But...
Look at it this way, all my hard work will go to waste if you don't use it.
All right.
All right. Let's keep this ball rolling!
Handmade Hobby Shop Yuzuwaya
I think that should about do it.
Thanks for carrying all that.
Sure.
Okay, let's go to Swallowtail next.
Swallowtail?
You're gonna be shocked the moment you step in here.
It's insane.
Sure...
Wow...
I know, right? It gets you hyped up, doesn't it?
I love browsing in here.
I can understand why.
It really is amazing.
They have so many variations for each color...
They're all... beautiful.
Gojo-kun.
I think I found it. Medium black.
Black?
Yeah. Shizuku-tan has black hair, so let's buy this one.
Kitagawa-san, let's do this color.
Huh? But that's...
Purple.
Yes.
Shizuku-tan's character color is purple, right?
Her hair might seem black,
but I think if she had a purple tint, it'd seem more like Shizuku-tan.
O-Oh, right.
Kitagawa-san had no idea about the details...
So I think we should go with this black violet...
No, maybe this deep violet.
I also think we should go for a longer length.
Why?
Shizuku-tan has an asymmetrical bob, so a medium-length wig won't be long enough.
Let's get a long-length wig and trim it.
Okay! I'll have someone at my salon cut it!
That's great. If a professional hair stylist cuts it, it should be fine.
I was originally planning on coming here alone today.
Huh?
But I keep picking the wrong things at these stores.
We would've been in a lot of trouble.
I'm so glad you came with me, Gojo-kun.
Thanks!
Okay, I'm gonna go buy this.
Sure.
I see.
So I...
was actually useful.
Sorry for the wait! I bought some color contacts, too!
I'll hold your bag for you.
Oh, thanks.
Now, all that's left is...
Garters and stockings!
Take your time!
K-Kitagawa-san, how much longer do you think you'll be?
Hm? Not much longer.
Sh-Should I even be here right now?
D-Do I have permission?!
Like you need any.
Yes, but... It might bother the other customers if there's a guy around!
Couples come here together all the time. You're fine.
Huh?
I feel so awkward right now...
Kitagawa-san, please hurry.
Damn, Gojo-kun!
Well?
Lookin' good, don't you think?
I-I-I can see down there! Please cover up!
Actually...
I figured I needed to thank you for today... or something.
Would you prefer something a bit sexier?
P-Please stop teasing me!
Jeez, you're loud.
Thank you very much!
Tamashi New: Chilled Soba Limited Time Only
Thanks, come again!
That was super good.
Yes, it really was.
A high school couple, eh? Must be nice.
Thank you so much, Kitagawa-san.
It's totes fine! I wanted to treat you!
Ah, to be young...
Meanwhile, I'm still stuck working.
Oh, Gojo-kun. How far did you get in "Slippery Girls"?
I haven't gotten very far at all.
What part are you on?
The part where he's up in front of the whole school
at the morning assembly and couldn't stop ejaculating...
What the actual hell?
I have no idea what I'm supposed to do.
I panicked, too! He just wouldn't stop!
Why the hell are you grinning about it?!
Like what's even up with his body?
Damn, high schoolers these days are terrifying.
I'll go ahead and take all this back to my place.
Thanks!
I'll get the pattern drawn up, too.
Seriously? Hell, yeah!
I wonder where I should wear the cosplay once it's done.
Are there designated areas?
Yup!
There are events where cosplay groups get their photos taken...
Huge photoshoots where people rent out amusement parks and stuff...
Some people rent out photo studios, or even cosplay at home.
Oh, I think I wanna take some purikura in cosplay, too.
Basically, everyone can enjoy it however they want.
I see.
Also... you can upload your photos to social media.
What?! You upload those to the internet?
Well, yeah. Lookie.
Wow, that looks amazing!
I wonder if she got that done at a studio.
It's so detailed...
Do you think she made her props, too?
She probably bought them.
Oh, this person! Juju-san! Isn't she super cute?
I love her so much!
She does a lot of little girl anime characters, like magical girls.
She's super gorgeous,
and the quality of her cosplay and photos is off the charts!
Juju +Follow Cosplayer Magical girls / Little girl anime 0 Following 51,928 Followers
She's got a ton of followers!
But apparently she doesn't go to events,
so she's like this mystery, but I'm pretty sure she's a total pro.
She looks very young.
How old do you think she is?
Hm... Maybe in middle school?
She might even be in grade school.
Huh?
Oh, this shot!
She's cosplaying pre-transformation Shion Nikaido-tan from Flower Princess Blaze!!
I love this so much! She's so cute I could literally die!
Kitagawa-san, you seem very fond of black hair.
Look who's talking.
Er, well, I...
Yes.
Wow, this person's awesome, too! They're so pretty!
Oh, they're gorgeous, too!
I swear, a lot of girls who cosplay guys are effing gorgeous.
Oh, damn. This one's stunning, too.
You haven't said a word. You don't think they're pretty, Gojo-kun?
Huh? No, that's not it.
So, what's up?
Well...
I'm sorry if this is kind of annoying.
Gojo Dolls I'm an only child,
so the first time I ever saw a hina doll was at my Gramps's place.
I couldn't take my eyes off of her.
I couldn't believe something so beautiful could exist in this world
and was just so moved.
It felt like she had taken hold of my heart.
And then, I realized the word "beautiful" existed for things like that.
Ever since then, the word "beautiful"
became associated with very special things to me.
So I just can't say "pretty" or "beautiful" unless I absolutely feel it from the heart.
Huh...
But I mean, hina dolls are painted to look super gorgeous, right?
Gojo-kun, you're totally a face guy.
I didn't mean it like that...
I'm sorry.
I have a hard time expressing it...
It's not like I'm denying that those people look nice...
If that's what you decided, I think that's totally fine.
It's important to have things you refuse to compromise on.
I have things I'm picky about, too.
Like boob bags?
Yup!
Authentic Miyazaki-style Meat-wrapped Onigiri
Oh, snap! Hold up!
How could I possibly pass those up?!
It looks so good!
Are you sure you didn't want one, Gojo?
I would've totally treated you again.
Yes, I'm fine. Thanks.
Well, I'm digging in, then.
Yum!
How does she have room after we just had ramen?
I did splurge a bit today, though. Guess I'll just have to work more.
Wait, I'll pay you back for the ramen!
What? I told you that was on me.
I basically dragged you around all day.
But—
Really, it's totally fine.
I was just...
really happy.
It's not often that someone actually plays a game I recommend.
Most people would just end the convo with, "Yeah, seems fun."
To be honest, I didn't think you'd actually play "Slippery Girls."
Sorry.
Not to mention, you drew her outfit down to the very last detail.
You're way more in the know than I am.
So... well, you know.
I just wanted to thank you.
So thank you, Gojo-kun.
Not to mention, the only way I can really help is to empty out my wallet.
Th-That's not...
Seriously, this meat roll is super tasty.
Here, have a bite, Gojo-kun.
Here. Come on.
A-An indirect kiss!
No, really! I'm super full!
You've treated me more than enough!
Okay... I'm sorry... It's so tasty, though.
Did you just think, "Man, she totally pigs out"?
No, I didn't... Your face!
You totally did! I'm not gonna get fat from just this!
My size won't change, so it's fine! Totally fine!
I didn't think that! Really! I didn't!
Also, I can't get full unless I eat rice! Got it?!
Yes! Loud and clear!
Whatever. I'm going to be careful until the event.
I promise I'll still be able to wear the cosplay.
Oh, right. When is this event?
Hm? Let's see...
Oh, found it. There's one in exactly two weeks.
Oh, crap!
Sorry! I'm gonna miss my train, so I'm gonna go!
Thanks for everything today!
See you later, Gojo-kun!
I-I-I-It's...
It's in two weeks?!
Episode 4
Does This Belong to Your Girlfriend?
Next time...